fix: misleading documentation on role name restrictions (#2420)
ansible/ansible-documentation: docs/docsite/rst/dev_guide/developing_collections_structure.rst

Collection roles are mostly the same as existing roles, but with a couple of limitations:

 - Role names:

   - The role name is derived from the role directory name and may contain only alphanumeric characters and underscores (``_``). This corresponds to Python regex ``\w``, which includes all Unicode alphanumeric characters and the underscore.

>    - As a best practice, and for maximum compatibility with Galaxy publishing and external tooling, role names should start with a lowercase letter and contain only lowercase alphanumeric characters and underscores (``[a-z][a-z0-9_]*``).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - As a best practice, and for maximum compatibility with Galaxy publishing and external tooling, role names should start with a lowercase letter and contain only lowercase alphanumeric characters and underscores (``[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9_]*``).
```

   - By convention, roles prefixed with an underscore (``_``) are considered internal roles used within the collection and are not intended to be invoked directly by users.

>  - Roles in a collection cannot contain plugins any more. Plugins must live in the collection ``plugins`` directory tree. Each plugin is accessible to all roles in the collection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Plugins are no longer allowed inside roles within a collection. Plugins must live in the collection ``plugins`` directory tree. Each plugin is accessible to all roles in the collection.
```

Collection roles are mostly the same as existing roles, but with a couple of limitations:

>  - Role names can only contain lowercase alphanumeric characters and underscores ( ``_`` ). Role names prefixed with an underscore are not intended for direct user invocation and should be reserved for internal collection roles only.

Reviewer 2: This is still misleading, since it notes an external limitation imposed by Galaxy without the necessary level of detail to understand the limitation. Ansible itself only requires that the role name be a valid Python identifier.

Author: Good point, I'm assuming you are talking about this in particular:
> The directory name of the role is used as the role name. Therefore, the directory name must comply with the above role name rules. The collection import into Galaxy will fail if a role name does not comply with these rules.

Do you want me to rephrase it or perhaps just remove it altogether?

Reviewer 2: There are two things that should be documented. The first is that collections impose additional restrictions on role names, by requiring that they be valid Python identifiers [0]. The second is that Galaxy imposes further restrictions on role names, by enforcing a more limited character set.

[0] Actually, I appear to be confident but wrong here. I expected it to fail on a role named `2` but it works just fine, which leaves me with no idea of what the real restrictions are.

```text
TASK [include_role : flowerysong.test.2] ***************************************
included: flowerysong.test.2 for localhost

TASK [flowerysong.test.2 : debug] **********************************************
ok: [localhost] => 
    msg: Hello world!

TASK [include_role : flowerysong.test.한글] ************************************
included: flowerysong.test.한글 for localhost

TASK [flowerysong.test.한글 : debug] *******************************************
ok: [localhost] => 
    msg: Hello world!
```

Reviewer 3: According to https://github.com/ansible/ansible/blob/f11dfa7cce0f939a5dc1e11addc6cfbb5c7fe030/lib/ansible/utils/collection_loader/_collection_finder.py#L916 it's likely this:
```py
VALID_FQCR_RE = re.compile(_to_text(r'^\w+(\.\w+){2,}$'))  # can have 0-N included subdirs as well
```
According to https://docs.python.org/3/library/re.html, `\w` covers:

> Matches Unicode word characters; this includes all Unicode alphanumeric characters (as defined by [str.isalnum()](https://docs.python.org/3/library/stdtypes.html#str.isalnum)), as well as the underscore (`_`).

Reviewer 4: I would separate this into several 'sub bullets', otherwise it is either too long or non substantive enough:
```
  - In collections, role names are required to be valid Python identifiers <link to RE/PEP> ...
  - If uploading to galaxy or Automation Hub, you are further restrticted to ...
  - By convention, collection authors will prefix role names with an underscore to indicate they are for internal use and it is not advised for playbook authors to reference them directly.
```

Author: Separating it into three "sub bullets" is a good idea
- Collection restrictions
- Galaxy restrictions
- Convention / Best practice guidance.

Just to confirm, we are certain that these are the two real restrictions?
- collection restrictions = valid python indentifiers
- galaxy restrictions = ASCII (basic latin) alphanumeric characters and underscores.

Reviewer 5: @flowerysong @felixfontein @bcoca I believe this is resolved now and the feedback is incorporated. Could you please take another look and confirm? Thank you.

>  - Role names can only contain lowercase alphanumeric characters and underscores ( ``_`` ). Role names prefixed with an underscore are not intended for direct user invocation and should be reserved for internal collection roles only.

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
 - Role names can contain only lowercase alphanumeric characters and underscore (``_``) characters. Role names prefixed with an underscore are not intended for direct user invocation and should be reserved for internal collection roles.
```

Reviewer 3: There are also spaces around the underscore in the brackets which should be removed.
